welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
yeah you wanna get a job the Donald
Trump dick detectives real quick okay um
sure one second let me hold this up
[Music]
and you have a number of what are these
JPEGs I'm supposed to bring up yes okay
so here is a image of him to get you get
your mind in the right place
how about Chara with his political
commentary yeah this picture looks it
does look like he just finishes like ah
I guess feels good feels good that you
just put a finger I feels good you have
a finger in the booty hole right doesn't
that kind of look like a pleasure face
yeah it is turkey neck so you want to go
first I mean everybody knows the answer
to this I feel like it's kind of a
no-brainer yeah it's obviously orange
it's orange orange with fluffy white
pubes
what about size-wise there's been a lot
of talk about his hand size mm-hmm he
was accused of having small hands and
then he made a very clear message that
my hands first of all he doesn't think
they're that small and also no one's
ever complained about my manhood so he
was basically saying I least don't have
a small dick he didn't say I have a big
dick but he didn't say I have you know
he said no one's ever complained about
it I'm gonna go for short and thick like
a coke can but it's short it's not okay
but it's thick cocaine is yeah but it's
not it's not great because it's too
short
how shorter is it I don't know I don't
know she's short it's short it's orange
hmm with white pubes and his beans are
tiny
I think he's got small okay what do you
think I think it's actually like a
little like a cute little button like
there's actually I saw yeah this is it
here there's this sketch that um that I
that I saw of that with her name ilma is
that her name what did it ilma Gore yeah
Elmo Gore did a sketch of him let's see
and I'll try to print bring it up here
it's it's it's become very popular and I
think in my mind it's
very accurate as far as here it is here
oh yeah right
yeah uh-huh yeah that's totally that
makes sense when you look at the in
proportion of the body type where it's
like real small flaccid yeah he's got a
nice cuz he's got some weight on him
she's got a nice fat pad here mm-hmm and
and basically you just see the head kind
of poking out when it's flaccid mm-hmm
and it probably grows I think probably
around four inches you know yeah I don't
I don't think he's got anything
extraordinary going on down there yeah
yeah I would give him a little more
length on that you think so
yeah but the shape of it and the color
and everything looks about accurate I
think yeah I think that's about it
I'm gonna go with Elmas domaine Wow
I think it's really accurate and you
know I'm not gonna lie it looks a lot
like mine so that's kind of what I do
think I don't think so he doesn't have
any balls in that picture I definitely
have
oh they're tiny his eyes are tiny I
definitely have balls yeah bigger balls
you have longer hanger guns how full
they are yeah they get full sometimes
it's like your dad's they're bigger so
but the problem with this episode of
dick detectives is we don't get to ask
Donald so which is it because that's how
we usually like to play I mean blue van
do you want to decide who's more
accurate is it a coke can in girth and
short or is it what I saw there that
little head that Elma drew and about
four inches long blue band just gave me
the point and the thumbs up meaning I
win this round
Wow of dick detectives
[Music]
the dick detectives
mm-hmm yeah what kind of dick I mean
what would be your ideal dick to have
ideal not one of these fantasy digs that
you see you know in sex stores or on a
few porn stars that are chest gawking I
think that's too crazy I think everybody
would want the ideal one would be like a
little above average in everything
little longer than average little girth
here than average so I don't know maybe
like AIT's like long but not like what
the fuck is that right so eight inches
long and then maybe like four your
finger like your fingers don't quite
touch when you hold it you know like
mine I can go like this and like they
can type put fingers around it like four
times
mm-hmm and then you know if somebody
were like walking on me I could just put
like three fingers down and cover it you
know what color would be an ideal penis
color I think like a deep purple would
probably be the ideal color you see it
sometimes depending your blood situation
but I think if it was like just deep
deep purple from from base to head all
the time
that'd be an ideal color what how does
that happen is that when it's just full
of blood it's that I think yeah I mean
that and then what's going on with your
veins and yeah and then what about balls
balls I mean ideally you want but
probably pound and a half two pounds
each
you know because nice big balls are
exciting to women and what about hair oh
here's my little cord careless yeah
naturally yeah I'm shaving that thing up
all the time I know it's such a hassle
to shave pubic hair I hate it I'm so
over it
I really would I wouldn't mind removing
at all yeah I know me too
no be kind of neat yeah what's your
ideal one babe you know where we go
that's the loving answer of course of
course